Me appeared in the largest of the lock ran get Bibarokku of the site
A video introducing 3-piece band hard chopsticks
We introduce unison square garden this time
In unison square bread de garden three-piece
Welcome home may leave no ne of the last year is they Viva lock ring
Well is a prelude of the last year of Viva lock that I was and decided that also appeared
Also appeared in quite non- events that went in zepp tokyo called Biberoque zero
Gave me
But I was not able to appear in the brother Biro baro It is because of the vocalist Saito
But
Because it was supposed to be the surgery of polyp
It is a pity that they are apologized too much and I don't need to apologize
While doing various things
To say thank you and also reading me the place was marry this year
They will be able to go back to the show and they will have a live show
Will
Unison square garden What a great live is aggressive
is not it
Another member is great movement and everyone is super high tech yes
That's how Saito-kun's voice of action and vocals is so beautiful and pretty sister
It is a band
Are you song writing is a turbo district of bassist you this Tabuchi spider
I also know music very much and study
Not only rock but also anime tie-ups, anisons and everything else was listened to
His melody sense to make is a pop that goes beyond innocence rock
When I play it with their glasses playing
It has become genuine lock in the huge lock
That such pop and rock continue to be in the same boundary
I will do a live show that will make it go wild
I'm really happy for us Viva Rock finally out in unison square is
It is all right this year, thank you